This is the EFI I used to install Mac OS Ventura 13.3.1 on my Gigabyte H510M S2 Motherboard paired with an i5-10400f no iGPU. iGPU doesn't work with 500 series motherboard and also affects DRM(can't watch Netflix and Disney+ on Safari)so I chose to use a supported AMD dGPU. This EFI should work with Monterey without modifications and Big Sur too if you swap out the Bluetooth kexts. The minimum OS for RX 6600 is 12.1 Monterey do keep that in mind.

<u>Specs:</u>

<u>Motherboard</u>: Gigabyte H510M S2

<u>CPU</u>: Intel Core i5-10400F

<u>RAM</u>: 2 x Kingston Hyper X Fury 3200MHz (running at 2666Mhz)

<u>GPU</u>: MSI RX 6600 2X Mech

<u>SSD</u>: Kingston HyperX 120GB (Old SSD from my MacBook this shouldn't matter)

<u>Wireless Card</u>: BCM94352HMB (mini-PCIe with PCIe convert card leftover from another laptop Hackintosh attempt not recommended)

<u>SMBIOS</u>: MacPro7,1 (you can use iMacPro1,1 too)

**What Works:**

- All USB ports

- Full DRM support

- USB audio devices

- Ethernet

- WiFi/Bluetooth

- DP/HDMI Audio

- Apple and Netflix video

**Untested:**

- DP/HDMI Audio (My monitor doesn't support audio out)

**Issues:**

- Sleep(it'll eventually crash after a while but short sleeps works)

- Partial Continuity Features(Due to the incompatibility of my wireless card, buy BCM94360 series card or downgrade to Big Sur to fix)

- Bluetooth won't turn on after turning off(I believe it is also caused by the wireless card but a reboot reenables Bluetooth)

<u>BIOS Settings:</u>

1. Load Optimized Defaults (Save & Exit)

2. Favorites -> Extreme Memory Profile (XMP) = Enabled or Profile1 (if RAM is above 2400MHz)

3. Favorites -> CSM Support = Disabled

4. Favorites -> Secure Boot Mode = Disabled or Custom

5. Favorites -> SATA Controllers = Enabled

6. Settings -> IO Ports -> Super IO Configuration -> Serial Port = Disabled

7. Settings -> IO Ports -> USB Configuration -> All 3 settings = Enabled

8. Settings -> IO Ports -> Network Stack = Disabled

9. Settings -> IO Ports -> SATA Configuration -> SATA mode = AHCI

10. Boot -> CFG Lock = Disabled

11. Boot -> Security Option = System

12. Boot -> Fast Boot = Disabled link

13. Boot -> Windows 10 Features = Other OS

There is no need to disable VT-d

You can enable 4G decoding if you want 

I pretty much followed the official OpenCore Guide by Dortania with the exception only at the USB part.
I initially used USBToolBox to map my ports on Windows which for some reason never worked for me. What I suggest you to do is to leave the "xhciportlimit" quirk on during installation to avoid USB problems (this Motherboard doesn't have more than 15 ports anyway) then use USBMap under Mac OS to map the ports. It is important to note that the USB mapping generated by USBMap is SMBIOS dependent so if you ever want to change the SMBIOS to another model make sure to remove the kexts and enable "xchiportlimit" before rebooting then go through the mapping process again.
